Step1: Download Web Development Eclipse Version
Step2: Extract and Keep eclise zip inside "C:\"  avoid deep paths
Step3: Optional  -- Install Plugin as applicable e.g Tomcat or any third party non commercial plugin.
Step4: Configure Installed JRE in Eclipse
Menus->Windows->Preference->Search for Installed JRE
You can remove optional default eclipse jre.
Click on Add->Standard VM->Next->Directory->
Choose the jdk path from pop up-->
C:\Program Files\Eclipse Adoptium\jdk-8.0.352.8-hotspot
Automacically JRE is picked up.
We provided path of JDK and eclipse pickup jre
NOTE: We need to provide JDK path not JRE becuase JDK has already JRE configured.
Click finish
Click Apply->Apply and Close
Remember the JDK is set only for the current workspace and if you change the workspace 
the Installed JRE need to be set up again.
Step 5: Create Project? what type? Java Project

How shall I write project name
must be--> smallcase with each word seperated by -
e.g. my-first-eclipse-project
e.g. capstone-brms-group1
e.g red-bus
e.g the-times-of-india

Change JRE-  use default JRE
You can uncheck module if you using java >=9 version.
Click Next->Finish

You will get pop up to change perspective from JavaEE to Java since we downloaded Eclipse for JavEE application the default perspective is set to JavaEE means all options for JavaEE will be enabled for you, but we dont want them for our simple Java projects.

Step 6: Expand project and see you have right jdk configured i.e. which you added in Installed JRE
You can explan the jdk and check into rt.jar which is our runtime jar in jdk.
Check for java packages.. you will see .class file after clicking the class file you see java code becase eclipse IDE did decompilation.

check for System class inside?  java.lang.System.out  --> PrintStream --> println() method
System.out.println();

Step 7: src folder comprise of all our source codes packages and java files.
Right click on source and you can create class or create package first.
You can crearte class and package will be automcatically created.

